Mm.
So, uh, do you start all your meetings off
by killing the other person's friends?
- Well, I, um...
- I know this one.
- What?
- You must read Machiavelli, right?
Why would you assume
that I've read Machiavelli?
Because that move
that you pulled out there
was very Machiavellian.
I don't know if Machiavellian
is the way I would describe it.
"A lion cannot protect himself from traps
and the fox cannot defend himself
from wolves.
One must therefore be a fox
to recognize traps
and a lion to frighten wolves."
- Pretty clever, huh?
- Sure.
Can we move on now?
Please. Please.
Do you know how much
I get paid, Mr. Barrett?
Not enough.
- But I know how much you get paid.
- No, you don't.
Well, I can assume.
You know what they say
about assuming, right?
Oh, is... is this a Machiavelli thing?
Never mind. Continue.
You came from Spain.
You took over your predecessor's
failed organization
and you turned it around on my turf.
Now I want a cut of that:
15 percent.
I expect to be paid
at the end of each month.
And in exchange, I will keep you
and your organization protected.
Now here is my only problem.
You killed six of my men.
- You killed three of mine.
- Well, we aren't exactly even.
This isn't about the numbers.
But I am talking now
and you are in my office.
Uh, be a little respectful.
I've been doing perfectly fine
without any help from you people.
Ah, but, you have had help from us.
- Hmm?
- How do you think I found you?
And the agency is cracking down
on officers taking bribes.
And I've been made
head of the task force in charge of that.
Huh.
Well, I found your boys,
Officers McGrath and Long, correct?
They flipped before I even said a word.
So the reality is, you never had access
to someone on the inside like me,
and I've never had access
to money like yours.
So... yeah?
So, sorry about your men,
but uh, well, you'll be compensated plenty
when you're running your business
without so much as a traffic ticket.
Now of course all this,
this is just a formality
because you really don't have a choice.
Because if you say no,
I still have three dead officers
to bring against you.
Oh, fuck.
I don't wanna work with you.
I think you are insufferable.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
So... we leave it up to God.
Now if I pull this trigger and you die,
then it wasn't meant to be
and I'll deal with the consequences,
but if I pull the trigger
and you don't die,
- then we will be very happy together.
- All right.
Just in case, any last words or something?
Nope.
No? Great.
I look forward to working with you.
Now give me a hug. Come on!
Welcome to the organization.
Chill out, Danny.
I can't chill out.
We're stealing Gabriel's money.
Stash it in the fireplace and take a seat.
- Shall we do this?
- He pays us shit.
We've earned this.
We get the passcode from 'em
and we're home free.
My mum would kill me
if I didn't feed you.
We don't have the time. We got shit to do.
Shit to do?
- It's almost midnight.
- I don't know. I could eat.
Where's this from?
Nino's.
Huh. Is Nino's open this late?
Nah, we called in a favor.
A knife and fork, are you kidding me?
Eh, it's greasy. I'm wearing my nice coat.
Worst pizza Nino's ever made.
It tastes like shit.
Get the case now.
Where's my money, Gabriel?
Listen, fellas, how long
have I been paying for immunity here?
- Four years?
- Three. And I would argue it's the reason
that you've been able to continue building
this little empire of yours.
Three years and you still don't trust me.
You are still a criminal, Gabriel.
I realize you are new to this enterprise,
but I would question
the hypocrisy of that claim.
Now, I want to read you something.
Oh, God.
You ever read Machiavelli, Garland?
It's Officer Garland, and yes.
I live by this shit. I love it.
Everybody fucking loves it.
"He who becomes a prince
through the favor of the people
should always keep
on good terms with them.”
I don't understand the relevance of this.
He's saying he should stay
on good terms with us
since he became a prince
through your favor.
Where's my money?
You'll get it.
You've been saying that for a month now.
You know...
I'm not screwing you here.
If I wanted out, I would kill you both
right here, right now in this instant!
No, you wouldn't.
Agency would be down on you
like a ton of bricks.
What a ridiculous thing to say, man.
Do you seriously think
that if I shot you right now,
that anybody would care? No.
But if I did, then I would have to find
two more crooked officers
and that's a hassle I don't have
the time to deal with!
So full of shit, Gabriel.
I know you're smarter than that.
"Everyone sees what you appear to be.
Few experience what you really are."
Don't tell me. Machiavelli?
Yeah. So, I have men picking up the money
from one of my safe houses tonight,
so expect the money by morning.
Please leave me alone.
I'm hungry.
Well, fucking hell.
All right.
I guess this is how we're doing it.
Hands on the table.
You're making a mistake.
If you would've asked me five minutes ago,
I would've said you were wrong.
- So you agree?
- Yeah.
Because I didn't think about how long
poison would take to kick in.
You're bluffing.
Just give us the case code
and you can run off to the hospital.
You're both dead.
If Gabriel doesn't kill you
for stealing from him, the officers will.
The officers?
Yeah, you cunt,
who'd you think we work for?
The money's a bribe for the SCA.
You're stealing from everyone.
Good. Oh, my God.
Fuck.
Fuck! It's hot! Hot! Hot!
What?
No, I'm not in pain.
I just burned my fucking hand off.
Good morning, Siobhan,
what do you want, girl?
Mm-hmm?
Yeah.
What? Now?
All right, all right,
keep your fucking hair on. I'm coming.
Good morning, love.
Good morning.
Fuck.
Meg, we have to go. Siobhan's outside.
Come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Morning.
- Hey.
- Morning.
- Hi, Charlie.
- Hey
- How stoned are you today, huh?
- Ugh.
I've told him he can't live
in the van anymore if he keeps this up.
You're the best sponsor a guy can have.
Ah, she tries.
I try and I try.
It's a nice sponge, Charlie.
Fucking bollocks.
Fuck. Fuck me, it's hot.
One of these days, they'll come back
to the scene of the crime and kill us all.
Don't worry about it, Siobhan.
We got Charlie fucking Bronson
here to protect us.
Don't we, Charlie?
Hey, mate, I've always wanted to ask you.
- What did you do in the army?
- Shh!
Eh, eh, eh, Chuck,
we've got blood to clean up.
Oh, that's fucking scary, man.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, there's a chance
the room might be bugged.
- Just letting you know.
- Yeah, thank you.
Oi, Meg. Why the fuck
did you tell him that for?
There's nothing wrong
with having a little fun.
Take fucking these.
He's a junkie.
He doesn't need to have any more fun
than he's already fucking having.
He's having your fun, my fun,
get a fucking wiggle on.
Fucking fun?
A fucking blow job and a bowl of
fucking corn flakes would have been fun.
How are the kids, Siobhan?
Eh, wish I never had them.
Yeah, well, you chose to adopt them.
I didn't know
they'd be arseholes.
Yes, you did. Hey, why don't you adopt me?
I always need a new mummy.
But I know you're an arsehole.
Couldn't get into university,
now you're stuck doing this shite.
When we get married,
we'll open our funeral home,
Meagan and Alex's Funeral Home.
Do you know what? We could call it:
“The Good Death Funeral Home.”
What do think, Siobhan? Do you wanna
invest a little bit of money in me fam?
Come on, mummy.
What do you say, Siobhan?
Ah, ah, ah. I'm the reason
the two of you are together.
My involvement here is done.
I am fucked.
Did you just do coke?
Hey, Al, don't you know
there's a difference
between coming to work high
and getting high on the job?
Right, first of all,
this is not fucking coke.
- This is smelling salts.
- Oh, well, so sorry.
You know like wakey-wakey eggs and bakey.
You made me miss my cup of tea, mummy.
Oh, so it's all my fault, eh?
Yeah, actually it is, yeah.
Just quit that sniveling shit out.
Shh.
It's snowing.
Hey, Shivs?
Huh?
You've gotta seriously think
about changing the name
- of your fucking cleaning company.
- I know.
Hey, Charlie.
Huh?
You found any government spyware yet?
No, not yet, but...
Shh.
- Well, you just keep looking, sweetheart.
- Okay.
You're a fucking arsehole.
Whoa.
Oh, shit.
- That whistle for us, Chuck?
- Yeah.
Did you actually find something?
Fuck off.
Did you two set him up to this?
Yeah, but it was a joke.
You can't joke with Chuck.
I'll take a look, all right?
All right.
What the fuck?
Siobhan?
Hmm?
There's a fucking suitcase in the chimney.
Well, pull it out.
All right.
Fucking hell.
- What the fuck is that?
- Not our business.
We'll just hand it back to the peelers,
tell them they suck at their job.
Hold on. What if there's something
really exciting in this case?
All the more, not my problem.
Meagan, we don't know
what's in this fucking suitcase.
And we don't know who it belongs to.
What if it's money? Let's say
it's a life-changing amount of money.
You could retire,
I could open a funeral home,
Alex could propose to me
because I've been waiting five years,
but he's too focused
on all of this to pull the trigger.
Siobhan?
If that's your game, take the case.
I want nothing to do with it.
Everyone, back to work.
Right. Good work, hey.
All righty then, that's it
for this bloody house.
Give me the case.
- Is it yours?
- You police?
No, I didn't think so.
I don't get paid enough for this.
Come on, this goes to...
- Hand it over.
- Get out of my way.
Look, just give me the case
and I'll be on my way.
I'll give you a case.
Oh, God.
Hey, Siobhan,
do you wanna fucking stop this?
Who the fuck is that?
Fuck me.
Well, Siobhan,
it would seem you're involved in this now.
- What, are you stupid?
- No.
This goes back to the peelers
straight away.
- No cops.
- Why not?
Shh.
- Oh, fucking beautiful.
- No, no, no, it's not what you think.
This is cycling.
It's the gift of welfare
that keeps on giving.
- Yeah, I know.
- You got those smelling salts?
- Yeah, I got the fucking smelling salts.
- Well, get on with it.
Here.
Take a great, big sniff of that.
Look at me, look at me.
- Do you know where you are?
- Yeah.
Then get up off
the fucking floor, all right? Come on.
Up, Chuck.
Fucking hell.
- Is this...?
- It's not your blood.
Off into the garden with you,
we don't have all day.
This is what our life has come to.
Yeah.
My dreams died a long time ago.
Well, it's never too late
to give up on your old dreams
and focus on the new ones.
Right now my only dream is to marry you.
All I'm saying is the longer we wait,
the less chance we have
of having a family.
Well, we can always adopt
a couple of bastards like Siobhan did.
Huh?
Isn't that right, Siobhan?
Shut the fuck up.
Well, fucking here he is,
looks like Tarzan,
plays like fucking Jane.
- Let's wake the arsehole up.
- Let's do it.
Eh, eh, come on, up and at them.
Up you get. There you go.
There's a good lad.
- Who the hell are you guys?
- Never mind who the fuck we are.
Who the fuck are you
and what's in the fucking case?
- You have no idea.
- No idea about what?
I'm gonna die.
You're gonna die.
- You're gonna die. You're gonna die.
- We get it.
Just kill me.
What do we do now?
Open your mouth.
Give us the code with your fingers.
Good boy.
Why does it smell like permanent marker?
Ah, is that PCP?
Chuck.
Guys?
Look at this.
£2 million. Property of the Commission.
- The Special Crimes Agency.
- Oh, for fuck's sake.
We've got to be rid of this cash.
Wait, wait, let's not be
too fucking hasty, all right?
- Ah, no.
- Oi.
- It's been a long morning.
- Aye.
We need to relax. We need to settle down.
Get some fucking food,
think about this for an hour or two,
- then decide what to do with the money.
- No.
- Why?
- I should hold on to the case.
- Why should you keep the case?
- I got the code.
I've got the fucking code.
If these spondulicks belong
to who this guy says they do,
we don't want anything
to do with them, hmm?
- Hey, Siobhan.
- What?
We're already in this.
Look, we opened Pandora's Box,
we found 2 million quid in cash,
we can't exactly fucking close it again,
so if you didn't want to be involved,
you should have said so earlier.
But I didn't.
- Well, it sounded like you fucking did.
- I didn't.
But here we are and we can't stay
because if he's here,
there's more on the way.
- Agreed.
- Well, what are we gonna do?
Well, I do... Eh, we'll go to your place.
- And the hostage?
- Bringing him with us.
Ah, Siobhan?
Huh?
How the fuck do we get him
and a suitcase with 2 million cash
out of this house
without anyone seeing us?
What the hell do you mean,
the shipment was late?
It's your job to make sure
everything is on time.
You know? Is...
Deal with it, eh, yeah?
Good morning, Mr. Barrett.
- Why the hell are you here so early?
- Well, I...
Don't... Don't talk to me
with your hand like that. It's just weird.
Oh. Should we?
Yeah, we should.
- We never received our payment last night.
- What do you mean?
The money, it never made it
to the dead-drop site.
That's impossible.
I wouldn't make this up.
Sure, you would.
What's your plan?
Push me around a little for the big man?
Get some more money out of me?
Set me up and take me down?
I assure you that...
"He who seeks to deceive..."
"Will always find someone
who is willing to be deceived."
Yes, I... I know the quote.
Well, well, then you must know
I wouldn't allow myself to be deceived.
I assure you, the money never made it.
Or you want the money for yourself.
A double bribe?
I see you are alone today.
Officer James is taking care
of other things.
Of course, he is.
So, say this is what it seems
and the money didn't make it,
what then?
When the money didn't make it,
we went to the safe house.
Oh, well, how do you know?
We are the SCA, Mr. Barrett.
Yes, you are. Yes, you are! I'm so sorry.
Pew.
We went to the safe house
and found a bio hazard clean-up crew.
Those are the last people
who were in this house.
Now, given this is your safe house,
we fully plan on inserting
ourselves into this situation.
Should we do so, you can safely assume
we will be doing our jobs
and cannot guarantee the safety
of your organization.
Rob!
Yeah.
Get your ass up here!
Sorry.
- Mr. Barrett.
- Yeah.
We will be here in three days
with a warrant.
We will serve it
unless you have the money.
Not.
Move it, Mary.
Rob, do you know
the safe house on Peyton?
Yeah, sure.
Danny and Jack were in charge
of it, right?
- That's right, yeah.
- Yeah.
Now, have you heard from them?
- Uh, come to think of it, no.
- No.
Are those dimwits fucking dead?
I'm guessing one of them is.
Now the other is in there.
- I get it. You want him alive.
- Do I give a shit about him?
- Eh, fuck no.
- No. Yeah, not really.
Now, I need my money
as soon as fucking possible.
One hundred thousand fucking percent.
I'll go get it.
Go to the basement.
He's still breathing. Let's get him out.
Oh, my fucking days.
Fucking hell, Charlie,
how hard did you hit him?
Hmm.
Come on, give me a hand.
Up you come.
Oh, fuck. Let me take a look at you.
He's all right.
Alex, can we talk inside?
Yeah.
Watch him.
Not yet, not yet.
What now?
I think I should be the one
to hold on to the case.
- Why not me?
- What?
I mean, I agree. I think it should be you
that holds on to the case,
but I'm a little offended
that you don't think it should be me.
What are you
talking about? We live together.
Never mind.
I just don't trust them, Alex.
I don't trust anybody, but you and myself.
What's the worst-case scenario here?
The bad guys show up and kill us?
With the money, Meagan, with the money.
I don't know, I mean,
Charlie would blow it all on drugs
and Siobhan doesn't want the money.
She'd just turn the money over
and be done with it.
She can't go to the police.
We have a hostage that she helped to take.
Not to the police, to the Commission.
I don't trust her, Alex.
What's the deal?
She doesn't trust you.
She doesn't trust me?
Did I just hallucinate that
or are you asking me that?
No, no, no, no, no.
Now to clarify, is she taking the case?
Yeah, she wants to.
Fuck.
You have got to stop smoking that shite.
Give the poor lass a job,
find her a boyfriend,
doesn't trust me.
Doesn't trust me!
What the fuck?
How could she not trust me,
for Christ's sake?
Where's the other one?
I know I've got another one
in here somewhere.
Oh, there we go.
That fucking money,
I knew it'd be trouble.
All right then.
Why not?
I can't risk anything happening
to this money.
We could get married,
open our funeral home.
You know what?
I never agreed to open a funeral home.
- You did.
- I don't think so.
But I do agree that
you should hold on to the case.
I'll tell everyone. All right?
- All right.
- Good.
All right, I've made a decision.
I've already figured it out.
I've got two sets of keys,
one for Alex and one for myself.
Until we decide what to do with the money,
it'll remain locked up.
Chuck and I are taking off to get
some sleep and see my little fuckers.
Don't forget to feed the hostage.
Chuck!
What? I'm gonna go feed the hostage.
We got company.
What now?
I need that money.
I want you to understand.
That's blood money.
That money changes everything.
For all of us.
But at what cost? Hmm?
Look at the way we're turning
against each other.
We aren't turning against each other.
We all wanna be rich
and you want to be a pain in the ass.
You have a bit of growing up to do.
What, Rob?
I apologize, Officer James.
I... I thought you were someone else, yeah.
I understand.
I'm working on it.
Right. Well, have a lovely day.
Yeah, bye.
Yeah, boss!
Rob, you asshole.
Have you made any progress?
- Yeah, yeah, plenty. Plenty.
- Oh, yeah?
It sounds like you're eating
fucking chips again.
- You don't know what I'm fucking eating.
- It's all you ever eat!
Oh, no, no, I eat other foods.
And chips are a vegetable. It's true.
What do you... Listen,
what progress have you made?
Well...
They're at a house.
Looking right at the fuckers.
And our inside guy with the police
says Danny is still alive.
And I figure if Danny's there,
then the case is there, too.
Well, all right. Listen.
There's been a change of plans, all right?
I need the case tonight.
What about the cleaners?
Well, if anybody survives,
I will kill your entire family.
- Well, I wouldn't blame you.
- Yeah, good. Bye.
I don't know.
But you agree she was mad at me.
Well, to be honest,
everyone seems mad.
Yeah, but she was mad at me.
I don't know.
- And guess what.
- What?
It doesn't matter,
because we're all gonna die.
And I'm thirsty.
Open.
I got something to tell you.
What?
You're a shite boxer.
- Can we talk?
- Yeah.
What are you doing?
Seriously?
What?
Let me start.
I'm confused.
I'm sorry. Well...
Do you even know what you're sorry for?
For not standing up
for you against Siobhan.
- For not having your back.
- Right.
So what are you confused about?
But I did stand up
for you against Siobhan.
And I did have your back.
I fought for more than you did.
Why is it up to me
to speak up all the time?
She gave you the key.
Meagan, it's like giving us the key.
You want the truth?
- Yeah, I want the fucking truth.
- I was going to steal it.
- Why the fuck...
- Let me finish!
I wanted us to take it and run.
That much money would completely
jump-start our lives together.
Siobhan doesn't want the money,
and it's in Charlie's better interest
not to have it.
That money should have been ours.
But how does that make you mad at me?
It's just the principle of the matter.
The fucking principle?
I can't win here, can I?
- Nope.
- Fuck.
All right.
All right then.
I'm in.
- What?
- I said I'm in.
Let's steal the money.
I have fucking bolt cutters, Meagan.
The handcuffs, the keys, they don't mean
anything. I'll cut his fucking hands off.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah, I'm fucking serious.
Look, all I want is you.
I'm gonna go throw some clothes
in a suitcase for me and for you,
and then we're gonna take
the fucking money and run.
All right.
Shh.
What the fuck is that?
Stay here.
Fuck.
Oh, fucking hell.
Meg?
Meg!
Meagan!
Fuck me. I thought you were dead.
I thought I was gonna die.
I thought we were all gonna die!
Where's Meagan? Meagan!
Meagan!
Fuck!
How the fuck is this my fault?
First of all,
don't raise your voice to me.
Second of all, who was it convinced us
to take the money in the first place?
Ding, dang, dong, you did, motherfucker.
Okay, so this is my fault,
but it's not about me or the money.
Meagan's life is in danger.
She may be dead already, and you two
don't seem to be fazed at all!
If you only understood
the shite we've seen.
- Fuck off.
- Al, just call the police.
- No cops.
- Do you know what?
For the first time
in his fucking life, he's right.
No police.
It's too late for that, Siobhan.
And remember, you broke
the fucking law as well.
Now, look at me.
I need your help.
Not as a boss, but as a friend.
I'm not your fucking friend.
- You two brought this on yourselves.
- How the fuck did I bring it on myself?
You called me at 7:30
this morning, remember?
To go to work.
And look at where it's gotten me.
What about you, Charlie, huh?
We're friends.
I'll buy you drugs. You can have my share.
You can have fucking Siobhan's share.
She doesn't want it.
- What does helping you involve?
- Fuck me.
We find out who the money
belongs to, we go there,
we kill them, we come back here,
nothing more, nothing less.
1.5?
1.5.
- One mil, Chuck. I'm back in.
- Are you?
- Chuck's going, I'm going.
- All right. All right.
This is what I wanted to hear.
So, what's the plan?
- Pack your shite.
- That guy and the money
- still in the basement?
- Yeah.
Alex, you take a different car.
We need a clean exit.
- I'll go get our little friend.
- Good.
Chuck Leavenworth has his problems,
but he's loyal.
He'll die for this.
I just hope you can hold that
on your conscience.
- I can.
- If you say so.
I do say so.
I'll kill him.
Please, please.
- Hi.
- Sit on the fucking couch.
It's about damn time, right?
Well, we have a problem.
Yeah, no shit,
who the fuck is she?
Ah, she's one of the cleaners.
Uhhuh, come here.
Why did you bring me a girl
and not a briefcase full of money?
Because it wasn't fucking there.
Cleaners must have taken it
and now she is our fucking leverage.
Who... Who... Who are these people?
Well, I don't know.
What do you know about me, Rob?
Me.
- Um, you're the boss.
- Yeah.
You quote Machiavelli
way too fucking much.
- Yeah.
- And...
Wait. No, stop, stop, stop.
Just repeat the first one.
You're the boss.
Yeah, not just a boss, Rob.
I am that boss.
Okay.
Any other organization
can get hunted and taken down.
- Right.
- You know the Five Families?
Hunted.
The cartels? Thriving, but hunted.
Me? Us?
The Commission?
But not us, right?
- Right.
- But do you know why? Do you know why?
- Well, you're gonna tell me, aren't you?
- Yeah.
Because for seven years I've been paying
off corrupt officers just to keep us safe.
Bribery is one of
the oldest traditions in the world.
And nobody does it better than me!
Excuse me.
Now, if you don't get that money for me,
where does that leave us?
Well...
No, no, that... that was rhetorical. No.
It leaves us ruined.
Rob, I don't want to kill you.
Rob, I like you.
- Ah, no, and I like you too.
- Yeah, well, but if you don't have it,
I don't have a choice, man.
I'll get the fucking...
I'll get the fucking money!
Yeah, here you go.
I'll get it!
- Going to get it now.
- Yeah.
I'm going to fucking kill him.
Hey, Siobhan, I thought
Charlie lived in the van?
He does. Built this for emergencies.
Well, he's really hiding his fucking
American roots, isn't he?
It's like a fucking psychopath's
Disneyland.
All right, in... in you go. Go on!
Chain him up.
Sit down there, mate.
Here. I'm sorry, mate.
It is what it is.
Yeah, it is...
what it is.
Are you comfortable?
Yeah.
Good.
Siobhan? Charlie? Shiv...
Charlie.
Who you hiding from?
God.
Oh, fuck.
Chuck, not now, not ever.
'Cause you know what? Here, Charlie.
Sober Charlie can put
whole sentences together.
Hmm. But "off his fucking nut
on PCP" Charlie, not so much.
It's always fucking snowing
and you're always
on the ground fucking naked
doing blood angels.
And what's the fucking crack?
Especially for a proper
handsome fucker like you.
Fine.
Good.
How about you go ask the wee man
some questions?
Oh, f... shit.
You're right.
I'm getting rusty.
Yeah, mate.
He'll manage.
- Peek-a-boo.
- Oh, not this guy again.
I was coming down
when we tied this dickhead up.
You ever search him?
No.
Amateur hour.
Come here.
Just tell me what you need.
You don't need to be so aggressive.
I'm going up the chain.
- Who's your head honcho?
- I don't know.
- Yes, you do.
- I don't.
The Commission has
a complex power structure.
Each member only knows
a handful of others.
Finding him would be like following
a trail of breadcrumbs.
Somewhere in this phone
is the name of your boss.
Ah, I'd love to beat it out of you.
He would love to beat it out of you.
Or I could just tell you.
Just tell me the name, not what to say.
- Diarmuid.
- There you go.
- You can work your way up from there.
- Attaboy.
Yeah?
Lovely.
Siobhan?
Yeah, well, what he said.
You're welcome.
We got a location.
These assholes only know
a few members at a time,
so we gotta go up the chain.
I figured you'd get something off of him,
so I packed us a goodie bag.
Ooh.
- Uh, no, wait. Oh. Oh.
- Uh...
Look at this fucking sword.
- Ah!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, Alex.
- Yeah?
- She's mine.
My lord.
- It's a girl.
- Oh, he's even got a name for her.
Alex?
Yeah.
We're gonna have to take your car.
They'll recognize the van.
Yeah.
Righty-o.
- All right.
- Uh, sorry, chaps.
Oh.
Um, minor problem.
- Um...
- Oh, no.
My car only fits two people.
Mmm. Yeah.
- Well, I can...
- Sorry.
Charlie...
- I left the keys in the house.
- Mm.
Well, go fucking get 'em.
- Run.
- Yeah, all right.
- Let's go!
- You stay there, yeah?
Get the keys!
I'm gonna fucking die today.
We're going up the chain. Who's your boss?
Nothing? Dip him.
- Good?
- There you go.
I don't give a shit
if you're dead or alive.
- Who's your boss?
- O'Connor.
- Reggie fucking O'Connor.
- Now that wasn't that hard, now was it?
We good?
Good boy.
Wait! What the fuck are you doing? Stop!
Night-night.
- He's fucking dead.
- Yeah.
You killed him.
You never seen a dead man before?
Not one that I fucking killed, no.
- Well, you didn't kill this one either.
- Oh, fuck.
- Charlie, can I ask you a question, mate?
- Huh?
What did you do in the military?
I wasn't in the military.
But if you were in the military,
what would you have done?
You ever see Zero Dark Thirty?
Oh, the film, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Something like that.
We are literally just
a crime scene clean-up crew.
A crime scene clean-up crew,
are they life-long cleaners, or what?
One of them wants to be an MMA fighter,
the other is a military vet
and the other, well,
we don't know much about him.
You don't know much about him?
How long have you people been
working together?
A year or so.
A year? And... And you don't know
anything about him?
Whatever happened
to getting to know people?
Jesus.
I worked as a janitor
for three days, you know,
and I knew my coworkers'
favorite Christmas dish.
Janitor to criminal kingpin?
What a success story.
Well, yeah, I am the fucking man.
Boss?
Yeah!
Oh.
We have an issue.
Are you drinking fucking tea?
What are... Tea!
Yeah. I'm... I'm drinking tea.
Is that your fucking issue! Drinking tea?
No, no, no, no, no.
O'Connor got a really
weird text from Diarmuid...
Spit everything out.
- I have lost my patience with you.
- All right, all right, all right!
We went to check on him
and he was floating in his pool.
And?
He wanted to talk. You see?
So we headed over to O'Connor's.
- Yeah. Who were his connections?
- Well, Danny and Jack.
"The first method for estimating
the intelligence of a ruler
is to look at the men he has around him."
- Huh.
- Yeah.
- Machiavelli.
- Machiavelli, yes.
You are making me look like a fool.
- Oh!
- Rob.
I will get the fucking money.
You better, because next time
this gun won't be empty.
Oh, Jesus.
I don't like this.
Charlie, what the fuck are you doing?
Not now, man.
Now's exactly the right time.
Charlie, come on,
you've been doing so well.
Oh, fuck.
Things are about to get so much worse.
Let's go.
Worse?
Wait, Charlie, why don't you like this?
Go.
What the fuck are you doing?
Charlie, I don't...
Knock.
What?
Fuck.
This isn't ding-dong ditch.
Knock.
Fucking hell.
Sometimes I really fucking
hate you, Charlie.
Yeah, well, get in line.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Yeah, one more. One.
Guess they're home.
- Ooh.
- That's why you made me knock, you fucker.
I had to see if somebody was home.
You done good.
Hand over the case.
Time to go to work.
Oh, you get to it.
Oh.
Come on.
I'll be taking this.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?!
Bastards.
- How you feeling, buddy?
- Oh.
All my fucking ribs are broken.
Yeah, you'll survive.
Who's that?
I won't take down the Commission
with somebody who won't kill.
I'll kill.
Yeah.
Think about the money.
- Meagan.
- Yeah.
That bastard has Meagan.
Blow his fucking brains out.
- I can't do it, Charlie.
- Yes, you can.
Point the fucking gun at him and kill him.
Okay.
- Put your finger on the trigger.
- Yeah.
Breathe in.
Pull it and it's over.
I'll be waiting in the car.
Oh, Alex, what have you done?
Excuse me.
What?
The cleaners, they killed O'Connor
and... and they escaped the fucking ambush.
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
- I'm fine. Yeah, I'm...
- I can tell.
Fine.
I take it things went well.
- It all went great.
- Chuck?
Are you fucking high again?
Sick of this shite.
Yeah, cleaning up blood?
Me too.
No, what I'm sick of
is you throwing your life away.
It helps me.
We've both been down the same road.
You've got to find a better way
to deal with it.
I'm fine.
How long are you planning
on living like this?
I was thinking forever.
Forever won't be long if you keep this up.
One can only hope.
Hey, there's our killer.
I just want all this to be over.
It will be, soon enough.
Did you let him get high again?
Did I what?
I'm gonna see if I can get anything
more out of that wee leprechaun.
Where's his phone?
- I'm not his fucking sponsor.
- Oh, yes, you are.
Not, not, not, not, not times a thousand!
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
You all right, Charlie?
Yeah.
Fuck.
All righty, son.
Where are you from?
- Why do you care?
- I don't.
- Do you have kids?
- No.
Well, I do.
They suck, but I like keeping them alive.
So tell me.
Who's the most important contact
in this phone?
- I already gave it to the other guy.
- Mm-mm.
You gave him a name, but not the name.
There's a contact
for emergencies in here, always is.
- It's labeled "Help."
- Ah, yes, there we go.
- Clear my name, too.
- Shut the fuck up.
Oh, it isn't Danny.
None of your fucking business.
But I do have a deal
to make with you and your boss.
Ah. Where shall we meet?
You'll be all right.
First one's always the hardest.
Anything else?
Eh, no, nothing more.
I'm just headed out for a while.
Where you going?
Oh, get something to eat.
Oh, could you get me some medicine,
please, for my tummy?
Absolutely.
- Chuck, vegan?
- Yeah.
You know, I still don't believe you.
What difference would it make
if I lie to you?
We're still kicking your ass either way.
No, no, no, no, no.
Nobody's kicking my ass.
No.
Then why do you care who they are?
Do you want to know
why you're still alive?
Sure.
Because I want you to be.
That's the only... the only reason I need.
I could kill you at any point
and it wouldn't change a thing.
Yeah.
But there is a bit of a thrill
knowing that maybe,
just... just maybe, you know,
I could kill you in front of them.
They care about you,
so I'm going to use that
just to crush them in their final moment.
So, uh, don't talk back to me.
Don't think that you have a chance
of making it out of this,
because uh, one way
or the other, you'll die.
But just for shits and giggles.
Let's leave it up to God.
I'm an atheist.
No better time than the present.
- Last words?
- Fuck you.
- Ah! Fuck!
- Grab a gun, Alex. Let's go, come on.
Fucking hell.
Oh, fuck!
You can do this, Alex.
You're fucking tough, you are!
Duck.
Charlie!
Ooh! Yeah!
Oh, shit. Danny!
The money!
Oh, fuck.
Why?
Siobhan.
She fucked us.
Oh, shite. Chuck!
What... Oh, fuck.
Well, they found us.
So I see.
Did they, uh, get the money?
- It's gone.
- Oh.
Probably for best.
Well, we were in too deep
from the start.
Thought you might want these back.
Did you also have
a set of keys for my pair?
Excuse me.
I'm just curious, seeing as
you're the one who sold us out.
I sold no one out!
I gave them back the money, end of story.
- We can go home now.
- No.
There's no going home now.
We have to get Meagan
and our money back.
Meagan is dead, Al.
That's the way it always goes.
The sooner you accept it,
the sooner you'll be able to move on.
Did you tell them where we were?
Abso-fucking-lutely not!
There must have been a tracker
on the wee idget's phone. I...
You could have killed us both
with that stunt you pulled.
Not a stunt, Chuck, no.
It was for the best.
Go. Go, now.
- That blood money...
- Fuck!
- Go. Go.
- Chuck?
- No, I thought I was doing... Chuck!
- Go! Now. Get the fuck out of here!
- Wait.
- What?
Please, Chuck, you gotta...
You... You understand how...
Go.
Charlie?
Yeah.
Do you think that Meagan's really dead?
No.
And I'll help you find her.
And the money.
Really?
I'm not gonna lie.
I think we're friends now.
I mean, I'm not gonna sleep
with you like Meagan does, but...
Oh, no. Of course not.
I think we're friends.
Yeah.
- Yeah, we are friends.
- Yeah.
Charlie?
As your friend, um, Siobhan is right.
You do have to give up drugs,
just... just saying.
Yeah.
- Charlie?
- Hmm?
One more question.
Sure, Alex.
Are you like... Are you a war criminal?
Not officially.
Shh.
Oh, yeah.
Well...
It looks like someone did their job, huh?
Eh, and... and I counted it,
it's all there, every bit of it.
Ow.
Yeah.
How'd you find it?
Eh, the cleaners turned on each other.
Very good.
- "A wise man does at once..."
- No.
- "...what a fool does finally."
Machiavelli.
I almost got an erection there.
- That's for you.
- I'm so glad I don't have to kill you.
- Oh, me too. Me too.
- Yeah.
Now give those officers a call
and let's finish this.
- All right.
- Okay.
Could I have just a taste of it?
Um, no, no, you can't.
Stupid question.
Well, yes, it is. But it's okay.
- I love you.
- Yeah, I love you too. Yeah.
I assume you're going to kill me now.
Okay.
Mm, no.
Because God wants me alive?
What?
No, I... I don't believe in God.
- I just like to say it.
- Then why?
Well, they're still alive
and they still have to pay,
so as long as they're out there, you live.
- Yay.
Whoo!
Get out of the fucking way!
Dialed is not available.
At the tone, please record your message.
Oh, hey, Al, uh...
I know I left you in a bad way
back there, almost got you killed.
Now we're gonna be asking you
a few fucking questions
and you're gonna answer 'em,
'cause if you fucking don't...
You ever hear of waterboarding?
But, um, sorta new at this friend shite
and I truly meant to keep you safe.
I didn't want you to end up like Meagan,
not that I'm assuming she's dead,
I just, um...
♪ Oh, ho, ho, ho ♪
♪ We're coming through
Like a battering ram... ♪
Who's your boss?
Charlie!
- What?
- Oh, that's a bit heavy, mate.
♪ Never ever show your face
East of Framingham ♪
Come on.
♪ Never ever show your face
East of Framingham ♪
Anyhoo, I hope you and Chuck
are doing okay.
Uh, you give me a call
when you have a second.
I'm deeply sorry
and I would like to work it out.
- Open it up.
- Yeah.
Don't bother, okay? I know who you are.
So, let's get down to it.
You want the briefcase, right?
- No.
- Yes.
I want the girl they took
with the briefcase.
Well, what are you gonna give me for it?
- Well, what do you want?
- Well, money. You know, pay me off.
No, it's my money.
You... You have to give me something.
Do you know what?
- I'll give you something.
- Okay.
How about I not give you
a fucking bullet in your fucking head?
How's about I not have
my friend fucking Charlie here
burn your fucking eyes out
before I throw petrol
all over your fucking face?
Okay, okay, okay.
Just promise me
you'll let me go then, yeah?
- Deal.
- Okay. His name is Gabriel Barrett.
I don't know anything about the girl,
but he has the briefcase if you hurry.
Okay, there's an empty warehouse
down at the docks. He's there.
All right? All right. Now.
Close it.
You going to let me go now?
We had a deal. I thought
you were gonna let me go.
Well, that's what happens
when you take someone's girlfriend.
Well, Charlie, in an ideal world,
we'd go right through 'em.
There's just the two of us.
We lose the element
of surprise, we're done.
Yeah, you're right.
We need to find a way around back.
Let's jog on.
Oi, Charlie, get a fucking wiggle on, son.
Shut up.
Oi, fucker, those are mine.
Disrespectful cunt.
Hey, Charlie, let me go first, mate, yeah?
Look, I'm afraid of heights
and ladders and if I do fall,
I want something nice
and stupid to fall on, all right?
Good man.
And careful with
that fucking sword, Lancelot.
All right.
Heads, you call the wife.
Tails, you call the girlfriend.
Heads.
Fuck. Best two out of three.
They're here.
I know. I heard.
Hmm, looks like
we've got a welcoming party.
I bet that fucking handsome cunt
in the suit's Gabriel.
Right.
Here is your money as promised.
I added a little extra
for the inconvenience.
- We are square, right?
- Wrong. We're not fucking square, Gabriel.
You think a little extra's gonna make up
for the mess you made?
I've got houses full of dead bodies
that needs to be covered up.
Shootings in suburban neighborhoods,
for God's sake.
But... But we had a situation, you know.
You understand that.
Everybody understands that.
Yeah, well, someone has got
to be held responsible.
So, either you turn yourself in
or you give me
one of your top men as collateral.
It's your choice.
You're going about this all wrong.
Always have.
"There is no avoiding war,
it can only be postponed
to the advantage of others."
Yeah, that.
Not Machia-fucking-velli again.
Wait. What...
Whoa.
Officer James had no understanding
of how this should work.
I'll be taking over now.
And we'll be upping the take
moving forward.
"A man who's used to acting
in one way never changes.
He must come to ruin
when the times, in changing,
no longer are in harmony
with his ways." Here we go.
Are you all right?
What the fuck?
Oh, fuck me.
Yeah, yeah. Come and get me
when this is over, huh?
Shouldn't we call for backup?
What is this?
It's a crime-scene cleaner.
- They're not dangerous.
- But...
Where the fuck do you think you're going?
"It is far safer to be feared than loved."
"It's far safer to be feared than loved."
Shoot the one with
the fucking machine gun.
Goddamn it.
Bunch of fuckers!
Oi! Get up!
If you don't get off your fucking arse,
I am gonna personally kick
your fucking head in.
Shit!
I'm still alive.
Yeah, of course you're fucking
still alive, you fucking idiot.
Ah! Shit!
Keep shooting. Keep shooting
at these motherfuckers.
I'm reloading.
Did you bring a sword
to a fucking gun fight?
Come on!
You kicked me in my fucking knee
and then tried to kill me
with a fucking sword.
Fucker.
Why the hell are you here?
- How the fuck did you find us?
- Chuck texted.
Meagan's alive. We'll find her.
You can punch me in the face once.
You earned it.
I'm not gonna punch you in the face, no.
I'm gonna do something much worse.
I'm gonna forgive you,
but I will hold it over you
for the rest of your fucking days.
Sounds good to me. Where's Chuck?
Well, that looks like it fucking hurt.
I should fucking boot-stomp you to death.
But I won't.
This is much better.
Gonna send your wee little jewels
up your throat, fucker.
Ah!
How's it feel, man?
Shh, God, close your eyes, sweetheart.
It'll all be over. No, no, sweetheart.
Just close your eyes.
Shh.
Close your eyes.
Ah! Fuck. Fuck! Fuck!
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait!
What is it?
I just have one question,
professional to professional.
Who the fuck are you people?
We're the Good Life Cleaners.
Hello, Charlie.
How you doing, me ol' son?
- Come on.
- Come on and get.
Jesus.
Fucking heavy bastard.
Good boy.
It's good to see you guys.
Just shut the fuck up. Where's the boss?
He's upstairs.
In that little room?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, ideal.
- 'Cause I happened to bring this along.
- Ooh.
I've been wanting
to try out this dumb grenade.
Now that's my type of lady.
Prick.
Shit, the money.
Uh, I... I'll get it.
You can handle him.
Thanks, mate.
Don't, please.
Sorry.
- Up there?
- Yeah.
- Can you handle that one?
Let's go.
Head's up!
Fuck!
Fuck me, you're alive.
Come on, love. That's a girl. Hey.
Anybody else in here alive,
we're blasting bodies to be sure.
I'm alive.
I'm alive!
Fuck. He's all yours.
- Try any creepy shit on you, did he?
- No, thank God.
- I'm glad you're alive.
- Did you think I was dead?
Of course
I thought you were fucking dead.
Get your fucking arse up
from behind that fucking desk.
Jog on.
Put your hands above your fucking head.
So, you're fucking Gabriel, are you?
- That's me.
- Huh.
What's your name, pal?
- First of all, I ain't your fucking pal.
- Hmm.
And second of all, I've got a shotgun here
to put a fucking hole in you
the size of Gibraltar.
And number three, you took my girlfriend.
My name is Alex.
You read Machiavelli, Alex?
No.
I haven't read Machiavelli.
Well, there is a quote in there.
- Go on.
- It says, uh,
"Everyone sees what you appear to be.
Few experience what you really are."
Fuck.
Alex, Alex.
Well, you're proper fucked now, son.
Yeah. Why not?
It's done.
I knew he had it in him.
Hi, Meg. You all right?
I'm fine.
- He didn't hurt you?
- No, I'm fine.
Okay.
Get the fuck out of here.
Ah, you got that.
Why have you got
your fucking arm around me? I'm fine.
He's not comforting you, you idget.
I got shot in the leg, you dick.
Oh, of course, sorry.
So, what's next?
Ah, we make a good team.
I missed out the first time,
so I'd like to try it out.
Come on, Chuck. You know what?
I'm quite good at killing people.
Yeah, you're okay at killing people.
Don't get ahead of yourself now.
We should get a bigger van, eh?
Yeah.
Oi, Siobhan.
Eh?
What about your kids?
They're in the van.
Fine.
Absolutely. Come on. Let's go.
Hello.
Guys, are you there?
Are you letting me go?
I mean, we... we had a fucking deal.